Improvement for VASTATESIM
-----------------------------

1) adaptively pos update freq.
  (pos update sends in a variable fequency,
   if there's no update in a time slice, fequency down to 0 at the last.)
2) 每隔 maybe a few steps resend a hold new version to replica(s)

Simulation modification note
--------------------------------
("-" - for TODOs, "v" for done already, "**" for important items)

-   promotion just adds a count value in potential_arbitrators list
    so let peer will be promoted more then one times, if needed.

-   VASTATESIM console version

s   owner transfer need a EXTRA confirm

s   peer will re ENTER and JOIN while current arbitrator disconnected/left

-   node failure mode, 隨機 | 全都 arbitrator

-   Calculate rate of actions done by peers every step

-   position record file and viewer (for review movement)

-   statistics
    check for node failure
    ref: actions performed by each node and total, rating popularity of area
        colyseus, senction 4.1
    recovery steps counting
    # of lost objects after node failure
    count of overload/underload
    v   bandwidth 統計方式加上對 server 的
    v   Consistency 改參考 God view
    v   node density in small area (Avg/Max/Min)
        加 over sampling

**  Local view of client
    統一查詢介面?

-   net_emu and net_bridge
    v 增加 access from vastory
    ** 支援斷線模式
    end-to-end delay support

    
v   VASTATESIM 記錄檔內容檢查
    至少在非 simulation running (for the purpose of debugging) 可以正常記錄

v   overload/underload 的呼叫
    + peer 內的流量統計 

v   insertion arbitrator on cross line with map boundary

v   gaving a system parameter with map boundary and current system aoi
    to check if position and arbitrator position correctness
    
v   object un-update countdown, too long to update will incur a deletion
    const: THRESHOLD_EXPIRING_OBJECT
    every THRESHOLD_EXPIRING_OBJECT/2 steps owner will send a pos_update (OBJECT)
    until THRESHOLD_EXPIRING_OBJECT steps has no update will delete the object
    
God store construction Note
------------
Stores at
    arbitrator_reg::god_store
    arbitrator_reg::arbitrators
Update when
    simgame_node::processmsg, update _arbitrator_'s position at every step

    
Known BUGs
------------
-   Forward current event forwarding model,
    event forwarding refers CURRENT state (not state at event been executed), this 
    may incur an incorrect forwarding of event.
    For example, 
        a peer made two MOVEs and one BOMB to the direction move to.
        These three event may not be forwarded to other enclosing arbitrator(s) (since 
        aoi of the object of the peer doesn't cover out of manaing arbitrator's region 
        at the time receiving the event). After two moves, aoi of the object of the 
        peer may touch an enclosing arbitrator's region, but following BOMB event are 
        not known by new touched enclosing arbitrator.
        
-   Sometimes, DELETE triggered by changing of enclosing arbitrator will not 
    received by all enclsing arbitrators normally. In other words, object expiring 
    countdown will be trigger.
    
-   After someone is leaving my enclosing arbitrator list, I will send a lot of 
    DELETE to him, but this sending successful rely on VAST don't disconnect to him
    immediately.

-   Sometimes, arbitrator receives a TRANSFER of a unknown object.

-   Voronoi 圖會在地圖大小外有交集造成 enclsoing neighbor 增加, 會浪費